{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18720\viewh12960\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\
Daniel Leibovitz\
[mobile] +41~76~604~37~67\
email danleibovitz@gmail.com\
homepage danleibovitz.github.io/\
[github] danleibovitz\
\
\
\{Employment & Research\}\
\{2022--now\} \{Principal Biostatistician, Incyte, Switzerland, R\\&D for Company-wide Statistical Platform, Statistics for Clinical Trials.\}\
\{2021--2022\} \{Graduate Biostatistics Intern, Bristol Myers Squibb, Switzerland, Applied research on crossover in RCTs. Built crossover simulator for internal company use.\}\
\{2020--2021\} \{Wearable Devices Statistician, Ava, Switzerland, Stats lead on wearable device efficacy. Modelling, ETL, versioning, \\& results communication.\}\
\{2018--2019\} \{Project Lead, Social Change Factory, Senegal\}\
\{2017--2018\} \{Clinical Research Assistant, Provincial OCD Program BC Children's, Canada\}\
\{2016--2017\} \{Neuroscience Research Assistant, Seaman's Lab UBC, Canada\}\
\{2016--2017\} \{Psychology Research Assistant, Weber Lab UBC, Canada\}\
\{2016--2017\} \{Psychology Research Assistant, Peer Relations Lab UBC, Canada\}\
\{2016--2017\} \{Medical Research Assistant, UCLA Brain Tumor Program, U.S.A\}\
\
\
\{Education\}\
\{2019--2021\} \{Master Biostatistics, University of Zurich, Zurich. Thesis: Mixtures of Partially Linear Models with Monotone Shape Constraints. Supervisors: Matthias Loeffler, Torsten Hothorn\}\
\{2016--2017\} \{Computer Science (Diploma Program), Simon Fraser University, Canada, Coursework in OOP, Relational Databases, Operating Systems, etc.\}\
\{2014--2015\} \{Bachelor Psychology, University of British Columbia, Canada\}\
\{2011--2013\} \{Associate Political Science, Deep Springs College, U.S.A\}\
\
\
\{Technical Skills\}\
\{Statistics: Causal Inference, Bayesian Stats, High-Dimensional Inference\}\
\{ML: Time-Series, Clustering, Classification, Ensemble Learning\}\
\{Programming: R, Python, Java, SQL/noSQL\}\
\{Other: git, unix/bash, Docker\}\
\
\
\{Languages\}\
\{English\}: \{Native\}\
\{Spanish\}: \{Fluent\}\
\{French\}: \{Fluent\}\
\{ASL\}: \{Conversational\}\
\
\{Publications\}\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
[1] \'a0D Leibovitz, A Previtali, J Lymp, R Ananthakrishnan. simswitch: A Novel Treat- ment Switching Simulator. [In submission to Journal of Statistical Software], 2022. \
[2] \'a0S Halvachizadeh \'a7, D Leibovitz \'a7, L Held, K O Jensen. \'a7 indicates equal contri- bution. The number of beds occupied is an independent risk factor for discharge of trauma patients. Accepted in Medicine (by Elsevier), 2022. \
[3] \'a0M Risch, K Grossmann, S Aeschbacher, O C Weideli, M Kovac, F Pereira, N Wohlwend, C Risch, D Hillmann, T Lung, H Renz, R Twerenbold, M Rothenb\'fchler, D Leibovitz, V Kovacevic, A Markovic, P Klaver, T B Brakenhoff, B Franks, M Mitratza, G S Downward, A Dowling, S Montes, D E Grobbee, M Cronin, D Conen, B M Goodale, L Risch. The Lancet (preprint), doi: 10.2139/ssrn.3900401 Investigation of the Use of a Sensor Bracelet for the Pre-Symptomatic Detection of COVID-19: A National Cohort Study (COVI-Gapp).. The Lancet, doi: 10.2139/ssrn.3900401, 2022. \
[4] \'a0M Risch, K Grossmann, S Aeschbacher, O C Weideli, M Kovac, F Pereira, N Wohlwend, C Risch, D Hillmann, T Lung, H Renz, R Twerenbold, M Rothenb\'fchler, D Leibovitz, V Kovacevic, A Markovic, P Klaver, T B Brakenhoff, B Franks, M Mitratza, G S Downward, A Dowling, S Montes, D E Grobbee, M Cronin, D Conen, B M Goodale, L Risch. Investigation of the use of a sensor bracelet for the presymptomatic detection of changes in physiological parameters related to COVID-19: an interim analysis of a prospective cohort study (COVI-GAPP).. BMJ Open, doi: 10.1136/bmjopen-2021-058274, 2021. \
[5] \'a0A Lindsay, B Caracheo, B Grewal, D Leibovitz, J Seamans. How much does movement and location encoding impact prefrontal cortex activity? An algorithmic decoding approach in freely moving rats. eNeuro, doi: 10.1523/ENEURO.0023-18, 2018. \
[6] \'a02015 RC Weber, A Lee, K Walsh, JCBR Pinto, D Leibovitz, M Morton. Family vari- ables and cognitive development in children: A meta-analysis of current literature. Paper presented at the annual meeting of the American Psychological Association, Denver, CO, United States, 2015. \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx560\tx1121\tx1681\tx2242\tx2803\tx3363\tx3924\tx4485\tx5045\tx5606\tx6166\tx6727\tx7288\tx7848\tx8409\tx8970\tx9530\tx10091\tx10651\tx11212\tx11773\tx12333\tx12894\tx13455\tx14015\tx14576\tx15136\tx15697\tx16258\tx16818\tx17379\tx17940\tx18500\tx19061\tx19621\tx20182\tx20743\tx21303\tx21864\tx22425\tx22985\tx23546\tx24106\tx24667\tx25228\tx25788\tx26349\tx26910\tx27470\tx28031\tx28591\tx29152\tx29713\tx30273\tx30834\tx31395\tx31955\tx32516\tx33076\tx33637\tx34198\tx34758\tx35319\tx35880\tx36440\tx37001\tx37561\tx38122\tx38683\tx39243\tx39804\tx40365\tx40925\tx41486\tx42046\tx42607\tx43168\tx43728\tx44289\tx44850\tx45410\tx45971\tx46531\tx47092\tx47653\tx48213\tx48774\tx49335\tx49895\tx50456\tx51016\tx51577\tx52138\tx52698\tx53259\tx53820\tx54380\tx54941\tx55501\tx56062\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\{Talks\}\
\{2022\} \{The Least Bad Option: A Simulation Approach to Minimizing Bias When Accounting for Treatment Switching in RCTs, Joint Statistical Meeting, Washington D.C., U.S.A\}\
\{2022\} \{Simulating Data and Bias in the Analysis of Trials with Treatment Switching, Statisticians in the Pharmaceutical Industry, Gothenburg, Sweden\}\
\{2021\} \{Mixtures of Monotone Regressions: A Novel Model, UZH Biostatistics Colloquium, Zurich, Switzerland\}\
\{2015\} \{Executive Functions as a Predictor of Peer-Relation Difficulties in Children with ADHD., Canadian ADHD Resource Alliance Conference, Vancouver, Canada\}\
\
}